[new] Knowledge Base backup (#1324)
timescale/docs: mst/backup-types.md

---

> title: Types of Backups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Types of backups in Managed Service for TimescaleDB
```
Is should be MST throughout, right? The entire KB is MST if I remember correctly, so the references to Cloud should be out of date (from before the rename)

excerpt: Understand how Timescale Cloud backs up PostgreSQL
product: cloud

> keywords: [backup, binary, logical]
> tags: [backup, binary, logical]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keywords: [backup]
tags: [backup, binary backup, logical backup]
```
You could also keep binary and logical in the keywords if you prefer (keywords get show, tags are invisible and only help rank related content)

---

> # How Timescale Cloud backs up PostgreSQL?

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# Backups in Managed Service for TimescaleDB
```

> Timescale Cloud databases are automatically backed-up, with full backups daily,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timescale Cloud databases are automatically backed up, with full backups daily,
```

Timescale Cloud databases are automatically backed up, with full backups daily,

> and write-ahead log (WAL) recorded continuously. All backups are

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and a write-ahead log (WAL) continuously recorded. All backups are
```

> [encrypted][avien-encrypt]. Timescale Cloud uses [`pghoard`][pghoard], a PostgreSQL® backup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[encrypted][avien-encrypt]. Timescale Cloud uses [`pghoard`][pghoard], a PostgreSQL backup
```

> daemon and restore tool to store backup data in cloud object stores. The number of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
daemon and restore tool, to store backup data in cloud object stores. The number of
```

daemon and restore tool, to store backup data in cloud object stores. The number of
backups stored and the retention time of the backup depends on the service plan.

> <highlight type="important"> The size of logical backups, and the size of the
> Timescale Cloud backup that appears on the Timescale Cloud web console differs, in
> some cases significantly. Backup sizes that appear in the Timescale Cloud web
> console are for daily backups, before encryption and compression. To view the
> size of each database, including space consumed by indexes, you can use the `\l+` command at the psql prompt. </highlight> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<highlight type="important"> 
The size of logical backups, and the size of the Timescale Cloud backup that 
appears on the Timescale Cloud web console differs, in some cases 
significantly. Backup sizes that appear in the Timescale Cloud web console 
are for daily backups, before encryption and compression. To view the size 
of each database, including space consumed by indexes, you can use 
the `\l+` command at the psql prompt. 
</highlight> 
```

> The two types of backups are binary backups and logical backups. Full backups

Reviewer 2: Can we move this section under the next heading, above the table?

Author: done!!

> are version-specific binary backups, which when combined with WAL allow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are version-specific binary backups which, when combined with WAL, allow
```

> consistent recovery to a point in time (PITR). Logical backups can be
> taken using the `pg_dump` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
consistent recovery to a point in time (PITR). You can create a 
logical backup with the `pg_dump` command.
```

---
title: Types of backups in Managed Services for TimescaleDB

> excerpt: Understand how Timescale Cloud backs up PostgreSQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Understand how Managed Service for TimescaleDB backs up PostgreSQL
```

> product: cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
product: MST
```

keywords: [backup]
tags: [backup, binary backup, logical backup]
---

> # Backups in Managed Service for TimescaleDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# Backups in Managed Service for TimescaleDB
```

consistent recovery to a point in time (PITR). You can create a 
logical backup with the `pg_dump` command.

> This table lists the differences binary and logical backups with respect to indexes, transactions, and data. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This table lists the differences between binary and logical backups when backing up indexes, transactions, and data:

```

|Type|Binary|Logical|

> |---|---|---|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|-|-|-|
```

> |index|contains all data from indexes| does not contain index data, it contains only queries used to recreate indexes from other data|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|index|contains all data from indexes|does not contain index data, it contains only queries used to recreate indexes from other data|
```
